src/content/en/index.mdx, before:

---
title: "Mass and automated sending"
titleSection: "of SMS"
subParagraph: "Communicate your ideas, promotions, or whatever you need directly with a professional bulk SMS platform, designed to achieve a high delivery rate, reduce no-shows, and drive purchases with campaigns and automations ready in minutes."
buttonTextDemo: "Schedule demo"

stats:
  - value: "100M+"
    label: "SMS sent"
  - value: "98%"
    label: "Delivery rate"
  - value: "180+"
    label: "Countries"

titlePricing: "Plans that grow with you"
titlePricingSection: "without limits"
subParagraphPricing: "Choose the perfect plan for your message volume. All include a 14-day free trial"

titleFaqPricing: "Frequently Asked Questions"
faqsPricing:
  - question: "Can I change my plan at any time?"
    answer: "Yes, you can upgrade or downgrade your plan whenever you need. The changes will be reflected in your next billing cycle."
  - question: "Are there discounts for annual payment?"
    answer: "Save 20% by paying annually. We also offer volume discounts for large companies."
  - question: "What does technical support include?"
    answer: "Starter includes email support. Professional and Enterprise include 24/7 priority support via chat and phone."
  - question: "Can I cancel at any time?"
    answer: "Yes, there are no long-term contracts. You can cancel your subscription whenever you want."
---

Commit message:

feat(features): add section highlighting main features

src/content/en/index.mdx, after:

---
title: "Mass and automated sending"
titleSection: "of SMS"
subParagraph: "Communicate your ideas, promotions, or whatever you need directly with a professional bulk SMS platform, designed to achieve a high delivery rate, reduce no-shows, and drive purchases with campaigns and automations ready in minutes."
buttonTextDemo: "Schedule demo"

stats:
  - value: "100M+"
    label: "SMS sent"
  - value: "98%"
    label: "Delivery rate"
  - value: "180+"
    label: "Countries"

titlePricing: "Plans that grow with you"
titlePricingSection: "without limits"
subParagraphPricing: "Choose the perfect plan for your message volume. All include a 14-day free trial"

titleFaqPricing: "Frequently Asked Questions"
faqsPricing:
  - question: "Can I change my plan at any time?"
    answer: "Yes, you can upgrade or downgrade your plan whenever you need. The changes will be reflected in your next billing cycle."
  - question: "Are there discounts for annual payment?"
    answer: "Save 20% by paying annually. We also offer volume discounts for large companies."
  - question: "What does technical support include?"
    answer: "Starter includes email support. Professional and Enterprise include 24/7 priority support via chat and phone."
  - question: "Can I cancel at any time?"
    answer: "Yes, there are no long-term contracts. You can cancel your subscription whenever you want."

titleFeatures: "Everything you need to"
titleFeaturesSection: "communicate effectively"
subParagraphFeatures: "Send Me combines the power of bulk SMS and email marketing in an easy-to-use platform. Designed for companies that want real results."

features:
  - title: "Dynamic Segmentation"
    subtitle: "98.5% delivery rate"
    description: "Send up to 100,000 SMS per minute with guaranteed delivery in under 3 seconds worldwide."

  - title: "Integrations"
    subtitle: "35% more conversions"
    description: "Mass email campaigns with responsive templates, automatic A/B testing, and AI optimization."

  - title: "AI Assistant"
    subtitle: "Real-time reports"
    description: "Real-time dashboard with detailed metrics: delivery, opens, clicks, conversions, and ROI."

  - title: "Message Personalization"
    subtitle: "Real-time reports"
    description: "Real-time dashboard with detailed metrics: delivery, opens, clicks, conversions, and ROI."
---
